well howdy there internet people is Bo
again so we got to talk about restoring
democracy down south because that's
that's apparently a thing that's what we
need to talk about we've got a long
history of it now if you're watching
this on Facebook I made a video about
Venezuela last night but for some reason
it wouldn't upload to Facebook it's on
YouTube out put links in the comments
section the history of the u.s. engaging
in this type of behavior in south of our
border is very long and it's very sorted
and one of the things you can really
kind of use to pinpoint exactly what the
intelligence community believes is going
to happen is who they bring in who they
task to run operations that's a good
indicator of what they're planning the
operations in Nicaragua and El Salvador
you know back in iran-contra days right
from the beginning they brought in heavy
hitters they brought in and they brought
in men that were fully aware that they
were gonna have to look the other way
when things got nasty and by nasty to
clarify the euphemism mass murder they
knew they're gonna have to look the
other way when they came in and you know
they did in fact one of the guys did it
his name was Elliott Abrams he he was
actually I wanna say he pled guilty to a
couple of counts of withholding
information from Congress about a mass
murder he was accused of covering them
up covering a bunch of stuff up but I
want to say he was he pled guilty to two
counts I think one directly related to
to a mass murder and he categorized it
as opposition propaganda and had been
blown out of proportion
when the investigation was completed it
was discovered that there were five
hundred people who were systematically
murdered by forces that were backed by
the u.s. yeah I mean so you've got to
have those kind of guys in charge and
that Telegraph's what what the
intelligence community is up to kind of
sends a message real quick this is this
is what you need to be prepared for
because these are the guys were bringing
in so who they bring it in to run the
operations in Venezuela Elliott Abrams
the same guy the same guy that's who got
tasked and I know some people are
probably thinking well you know maybe
he's just a friend of Donald Trump no no
he actually adamantly and openly opposed
him during the campaign I want to say
his name actually got floated for a
deputy cabinet position and Trump said
no because of his opposition but all of
a sudden it's cool to have him in
because this is not a Trump thing this
is not a Trump operation this is an
intelligence community operation this
was in works long before the contested
election in Venezuela and long before
Trump was elected you're bringing in
somebody like that it's because you know
it's gonna get bad it is gonna get nasty
and you need somebody who is proven
themselves in that regard
so that's where we're at and that is
real bad news for the people of
Venezuela because they're in a no-win
situation now if Maduro stays in power
it holds on it is very likely that the
intelligence community funds forces and
triggers a civil war
if the right-wing groups the opposition
groups come in it's very likely the
Maduro z' forces are going to fight back
and it's the civilian and civil wars it
is the civilian who dies this whole
thing is shaping up to look a whole lot
like Syria and once we found out about
intelligence community involvement in
Syria we had to go back and we had to
start thinking were these protests
against Assad organic you know was it
really the people that wanted this this
fight or were they funded from outside
sources were they inundated with
propaganda and of course we found out
they were they were inundated with
propaganda and those protests and the
initial spark for that Civil War was not
organic now we have to wonder the same
thing about Venezuela all those crazy
claims that Maduro has made about the
u.s. intelligence trying to kill him and
all of this up now we have to wonder if
they're true now we have to wonder if
they're true because they have brought
in they've brought in somebody that very
clearly states their goals I'd be very
nervous if I was in Venezuela right now
I would be very nervous
if this goes wild
if shooting starts it's gonna get real
bad real quick
there are a lot of people on the
Democratic side of the aisle the first
two years of this administration you
guys have been it's time to resist now's
the time
this isn't partisan politics this will
save lives this will save lives this is
something you need to resist no US
involvement
no US involvement in Syria Venezuela we
need to send that message and make it
very clear we can't do this we can't do
this to yet another country and we're up
another country apart
and calls tens of thousands of deaths
over natural resources there are people
who oppose Maduro in Venezuela there are
there are people who oppose Trump in the
United States does that give another
nation the right to come in and start a
war anyway it's just a fault if you've
got one of those raised fists profile
pictures now's the time y'all have a
good night